# Why Learn Rust
Rust a relativly young langauge which started being made in 2006 and was officially released to the public in 2012 especially compared to Python which was made in 1991. This means that it is still not that a widly used langauge and therefore it seems sorta pointless to learn. However it was a plethora of benefits.
One of these and arguably most importantly is its performance, Rust compiles to native code and has a minimal runtime, making it very fast and efficient. This is achieved by making rust a statically typed language allowing it to perform efficiency optimizations during compilation more so than dynamically typed languages. Furthermore, by being compiled to native code it provides low-lovel control over hardware resources such as threads, interrupts and memory. 
Another benefit is memory and more specifically memory safety via preventing common programming errors such as null pointer dereferences and buffer overflows via the use of Rust's type system and ownvership mode. Something C and C++ dont possess. Rust's type system ensures that all variables are properly initialised. Rust's ownership model ensures that each piece of memory has a single owner and that ownership can be transferred between variables using rules enforced by the compiler ensuring no memory leaks. 

# What level do you need to be at
Though it would obviously help having coding experience Rust is honestly a very simple language to learn and could be your first language, this would mean you would not become overly reliant on things specific to languaged such as becoming overly reliant on lists, which happend to me, due to me start started learning coding via. python.
If this is the case I recommend you learn some basics such as data types as well as binary and understanding how bits translate into the amount of data, due to variables having to be declared when created. I personally believe that the best way to catch up on this is through watching MrBrownCS's videos on AQA GCSE'S paper 1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBTatD-BCjw&list=PL04uZ7242_M4BarR18V22PfEGkMzxR2yX&index=1
As it allows one to catch up on data types and other cs basics before one learns to code.
However, I do not recomend this personally as I genuinly just believe that rust is very specific in what it can do and therfore to get someone into coding, it fails in the regard. Compared to languages like python which for someone learning to code for the first time you can easily teach them to make a quick game rust doesnt as easily allow for this. Furthermore having to define data types can be seen as boring for someone just starting of. 
Therefore I personally recommend you learn how to code in one other language first specifically python due to its ease of use and versitility. This can be done in a many ways but the way I recommend is through freeCodeCamp.org's entire course on it 
